Let's Make a Clean Earth Using AI Robot
========================================

.. raw:: html

    <div style="background: #C3F8FF" class="admonition note custom">
        <p style="background: light-blue" class="admonition-title">
            Project Name: Let's Make a Clean Earth Using AI Robot
        </p>
        <div class="line-block">
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> This mission is an <strong>team project.</strong></div>
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> Utilize an AI robot to contribute towards creating a cleaner Earth.</div>
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> By moving the robot, the garbage is sorted by type. </div>
        </div>
    </div>

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/5.clean_earth/clean_earth12.png

|

- The primary objective of the game is to guide the wheeled robots to accurately identify and segregate various types of trash.
 
- To enhance the gaming experience, the game features realistic environments and dynamic challenges. 
- Participants will encounter various scenarios, such as maneuvering through obstacles, navigating around crowded areas.
 
- To add excitement and a competitive element, the game includes a time limit of 30 seconds per player.
- Participants will race against the clock to separate as many items as possible within a given timeframe.
 
- Beyond the game's entertainment value, its primary objective is to raise awareness about the importance of waste management.
- By actively participating in the trash separation challenge using real robots, you will experience firsthand experience of the challenges involved and the positive impact of responsible waste disposal.
 

Game Rules: Trash Separation Collection Competition
----------------------------------------------------

- Teams compete to clean up trash piles by sorting them into different types.
- Team members line up in sequential order and take turns controlling the robot.
- Using a joystick, the robot must move and sort the trash within the designated areas.
- Each team member gets their chance every 30 seconds.
- The game continues until the designated end time is reached.
- The team that sorts the most trash in the shortest time wins the competition.

|


How to Play
-------------

1. The robot is equipped with a tool to move the trash. The goal of the game is to use this tool to classify the garbage into different types.
2. The robot can be controlled using a joystick.
3. Various types of trash, such as bottles and cans, are placed on the stage.
4. The objective of the game is to control the robot and sort the trash into the designated areas for each type.

|

Here's an example of how to proceed
-------------------------------------

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/5.clean_earth/clean_earth13.png
- The map is structured as shown in the picture above.
.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/5.clean_earth/clean_earth14.png
- Use the robot to clear the garbage from the central garbage heap.
.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/5.clean_earth/clean_earth15.png
- Control the robot to classify and move garbage according to its type.
.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/5.clean_earth/clean_earth16.png
- Once you've moved the trash correctly, go back to the trash pile and collect the trash again.
.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/5.clean_earth/clean_earth17.png
- When the control time runs out, switch to another player.
.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/5.clean_earth/clean_earth18.png
- Players try their best until the allotted time runs out.